Project part 3: Final Sprint
Team: Canvas Team 2; Teamifysummer2020
Members: Elias Falconi, Michael Haak, Alfred Joseph, Eric Laribee, Sri Vatsavai

Repository URL: https://github.com/josephalfred7/Teamify

Score: We believe we should receive the full score of 92 out of 92 points.

Strengths: For this Sprint our team collaborated as a whole team, meeting each day for our daily scrum and then we had extended sessions together before class and after class.  Daily scrums were recorded in a log each day, formatted per specifications.  We made quick progress on the first day of the sprint to begin sprint planning and carry-on our work of the prior sprint.  We mob programmed and used Test Driven Development throughout the entire Sprint.  In this sprint we also implemented a Continuous Integration and Continuous Development pipeline in our repository.  The pipeline works very well, automatically running tests and when changes are commited. 11 Unit Tests are run in the CI stage, and 30 Feature Tests are run in the CD stage, with over 150 assertions between them.  Team members again did further research on Agile techniques to ensure we effectively achieved learning objectives. We have working software pushed to a production server.  We decomposed the top PBI into smaller PBIs and then into Tasks on our Kanban board and chose a velocity for the Sprint that we felt was aggressive.  We were successful in achieving our forecast velocity ahead of plan.  A Sprint Goal was defined and the Sprint plan was plotted on a Burndown chart that was updated daily.  Our burndown chart, scrum logs, and several photos providing evidence of our mob programming sessions and our TDD approach with our CI/CD pipeline are provided in our git repository in an 'admin' directory. These files and paths are also provided in our README.  We created several slides for the Sprint Review that highlight the various aspects of our product, including our vision and our stakeholders' personas.  We held a successful Sprint Review meeting with our real stakeholder and the entire class, acting as stakeholders, and gathered valuable feedback that confirmed our backlog was ordered correctly.  We are well prepared for our next Sprint Planning meeting (simulated) based on this feedback. Completion of all tasks in the rubric were verified complete and documented.

To get a perfect score:  ... 
