Project part 2: First Sprint
Team: Canvas Team 2; Teamifysummer2020
Members: Elias Falconi, Michael Haak, Alfred Joseph, Eric Laribee, Sri Vatsavai

Repository URL: https://github.com/josephalfred7/Teamify

Score: We believe we should receive the full score of 59 out of 59 points.

Strengths: For this Sprint our team collaborated as a whole team, meeting each day for our daily scrum and then we had extended sessions together each day of the Holiday weekend.  Daily scrums were recorded in a log each day, formatted per specifications.  The first days of the Sprint we helped one another to get our development environments running on each of our machines and installed an integrated unit testing framework that has worked very well.  We mob programmed and used Test Driven Development throughout the entire Sprint.  A total of 21 tests with 52 assertions have been written, which all pass.  Team members again did further research on Agile techniques to ensure we effectively achieved learning objectives. We have working software pushed to a production server.  We decomposed the top PBIs into Tasks on our Kanban board and chose a velocity for the Sprint that we felt was achievable.  We were successful in achieving our forecast velocity.  A Sprint Goal was defined and the Sprint plan was plotted on a Burndown chart that was updated daily.  Our burndown chart, scrum logs, and several photos providing evidence of our mob programming sessions and our TDD approach are provided in our git repository in an 'admin' directory. These files and paths are also provided in our README.  We held a successful Sprint Review meeting with our real stakeholder and gathered valuable feedback that confirmed our backlog was ordered correctly.  We are well prepared for our next Sprint Planning meeting based on this feedback. Completion of all tasks in the rubric were verified complete and documented.

To get a perfect score: We will continue to work on our TDD techniques to ensure we are spending the appropriate level of effort in areas that provide the highest value.  We also want to establish better methods in choosing a host for our mob programming sessions to reduce network lag and ensure all team members have opportunity to be in the "driver" role.
